Update changelog to 3.5.3 (#3712)
microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## Version 3.5.3 GA (05/21/2024)

### Enhancements:

> * Display a message about sampling at start-up
>   ([#3676](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/3676))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Emit stable OpenTelemetry HTTP metrics
  ([#3676](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/3676))
```

* Support clientsecret via env var
  ([#3692](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/3692))
* Display a message about sampling at start-up
  ([#3700](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/3700))
* Fail if HTTP status code used in sampling override
  ([#3708](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/3708))
* Fix misleading connection string message
  ([#3709](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/3709))

> * Update to OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation 2.4.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Update to OpenTelemetry Java 2.4.0
```

Author: As discussed, 2.4.0 is the instrumentation version (not the OTel Java SDK version).

# CHANGELOG

## Version 3.5.3 GA (05/24/2024)

### Enhancements:
* Emit stable OpenTelemetry HTTP metrics
  ([#3676](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/3676))

> * Support clientsecret via env var

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support AAD clientsecret via env var
```

  ([#3692](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/3692))
* Display a message about sampling at start-up
  ([#3700](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/3700))
* Fail if HTTP status code used in sampling override
  ([#3708](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/3708))
* Fix misleading connection string message
  ([#3709](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/3709))
* Update to OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation 2.4.0
  ([#3711](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/3711))
* Introduce explicit option to disable ingestion sampling
  ([#3713](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/pull/3713))

> * Emit `_APPRESOURCEPREVIEW_` custom metrics only in Application Insights private preview integration for AKS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove `_APPRESOURCEPREVIEW_` custom metric as it is still in preview
```
